Shot composition was too good which is one aspect I always appreciate in SSR movies. The use of the foreground in the earlier frames of this spectacle subtly taught us about the environment we are being transported to. Cinematography by Senthil truly blew my mind, the use of rack focuses was very unique in a minimal way. To emphasize SSRs vision, Senthil grasped the landscapes of the rural, industrial, and british raj settings of historical India using establishing shots and aerial views innovatively. The team did great work during post-production (color correction) as the warm hue that glazed the screen made everything feel that much more Indian. CGI might be my own gripe but considering the budget every penny was used effectively. Regardless, SSR knows how to immerse us into the emotional baggage of the storytelling, making us forget we are looking at CG elements altogether. An example of SSR and Senthils collaborative eye for detail was the precision of the dust after Ram beats his punching bag, ensuring the specular highlights glared off of the environment (Ram, punching bag and every spec of dust) making us feel the weight of Ram's punches.SSRs world-building capabilities have already been proven with Baahubali and here he puts it to use in a real-world setting enclosing us in the world of RRR. For example, here Scott speaks about a bullet's value using the currency term pound sterling (current timeline) vs shilling (flashback timeline) depicting the story's continuity. Another detail I liked is that Ram used murray hair wax on Bheem which was the wax only high class individuals used at that time. Alluri Sita Ramaraju n Khomuram Bheem were simple but PERFECT! Our Ram Charan Tej and Nandamuri Taraka Ramarao lived up to their namesakes and gone even beyond. They gave performances of a lifetime! Tarak anna portrayed the emotion-packed Bheem and his innocent eyes with such heft. Charan anna depicted rage, superiority and resilience with immense nuance. Both complement each other beautifully but for some reason that 0.00000001 edge, I feel like Ram took. This is coming from an unbiased standpoint since I'm an NTR fan first and an RC fan second BUT Ram Charan has scaled in such a way he deserves that praise. He has come a long way and improved like crazy. There is a certain nuance to his acting that can't be beat. NTR as usual delivered perfectly without missing a SINGLE beat.Overall, the themes of the film (such as Brotherhood, Persistence and Hope) were consistent and very human, rendering the emotional connect that much more real. Finally, the Hindu Mythology parallels and symbolisms were seamlessly embedded in RRR, enhancing the nativity of OUR Alluri Sita Ramaraju n Khomuram Bheem revolution.10/5 speaking as a fan and 4.8/5 speaking critically and unbiased. Jakkannas vision and effort deserves all the praise. Exceeded my expectations!